Update Helm docs to include new configuration options of Validator Scan and Sequencer connections (#3651)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/validator_operator/validator_helm.rst

To configure the validator app, please modify the file ``splice-node/examples/sv-helm/validator-values.yaml`` as follows:

> 

Reviewer: We still need that for bootstrapping... probably should extend to add a comment that you can pick multiple URLs now.

Also note that we have occurrences of `TRUSTED_SCAN_URL` all over the place, including this file, that you might want to look into as well...

- If you want to configure the audience for the Ledger API, set the ``audience`` field in the `splice-app-validator-ledger-api-auth` k8s secret with the audience for the Ledger API. e.g. ``https://ledger_api.example.com``.
- Replace ``OPERATOR_WALLET_USER_ID`` with the user ID in your IAM that you want to use to log into the wallet as the validator operator party. Note that this should be the full user id, e.g., ``auth0|43b68e1e4978b000cefba352``, *not* only the suffix ``43b68e1e4978b000cefba352``
- Replace ``YOUR_CONTACT_POINT`` by a slack user name or email address that can be used by node operators to contact you in case there are issues with your node. Note that this contact information will be publicly visible. If you do not want to share contact information, you can put an empty string.
- Update the `auth.jwksUrl` entry to point to your auth provider's JWK set document by replacing ``OIDC_AUTHORITY_URL`` with your auth provider's OIDC URL, as explained above.

> You can configure how your validator connects to the network's scan services by defining a ``scanClient`` block in your ``validator-values.yaml``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure how your validator connects to the network's **scan** services by defining a ``scanClient`` block in your ``validator-values.yaml``.
```

nit; to highlight the difference

There are three modes available:

- ``bft``: connects to all scans and validates via $f+1$ agreement.
- ``bft-custom``: connects to a specific list of trusted SVs and validates against a custom threshold.
- ``trust-single``: connects to one specific trusted scan.

Detailed configuration examples and instructions for each mode are provided directly within the comments of the ``validator-values.yaml`` file.

.. literalinclude:: ../../../apps/app/src/pack/examples/sv-helm/validator-values.yaml
    :language: yaml
    :start-after: SCAN_CLIENT_CONFIGURATION_START
    :end-before: SCAN_CLIENT_CONFIGURATION_END

> You can configure how your validator's participant connects to the network synchronizer by defining a synchronizer config in your ``validator-values.yaml``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure how your validator's participant connects to **sequencers** by defining a synchronizer config in your ``validator-values.yaml``.
```
